---
publishedOnWebsite: false
title: Contextionary
subject: OSS
---

# Licenses of Dependencies

More information about this file can be found [here](https://github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/tree/develop/docs/en/contribute/licenses.md).

## PACKAGE and LICENCE\n
```markdown
github.com/PuerkitoBio/purell                                                              BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/PuerkitoBio/urlesc                                                              BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/asaskevich/govalidator                                                          MIT License
github.com/coreos/etcd/clientv3                                                            Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/clientv3/concurrency                                                Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/contrib/recipes                                                     Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/proto                             BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes                            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes/any                        BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes/duration                   BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes/timestamp                  BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/github.com/google/uuid                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/atomic                                           MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/multierr                                         MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap                                              MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/buffer                                       MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/internal/bufferpool                          MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/internal/color                               MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/internal/exit                                MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/zapcore                                      MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/context                                     BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/http/httpguts                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/http2                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/http2/hpack                                 BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/idna                                        BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/internal/timeseries                         BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/trace                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/text/secure/bidirule                            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/text/transform                                  BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/text/unicode/bidi                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/text/unicode/norm                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/rpc/status             Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc                                       Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/balancer                              Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/balancer/base                         Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/balancer/roundrobin                   Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/codes                                 Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/connectivity                          Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/credentials                           Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/encoding                              Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/encoding/proto                        Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/grpclog                               Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal                              Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/backoff                      Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/channelz                     Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/envconfig                    Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/grpcrand                     Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/transport                    Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/keepalive                             Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/metadata                              Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/naming                                Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/peer                                  Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/resolver                              Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/resolver/dns                          Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/resolver/passthrough                  Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/stats                                 Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/status                                Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/tap                                   Apache License 2.0
github.com/coreos/go-oidc                                                                  cannot find package "github.com/coreos/go-oidc" in any of:   /usr/local/Cellar/go/1.12/libexec/src/github.com/coreos/go-oidc (from $GOROOT)   /Users/bobvanluijt/.Go/src/github.com/coreos/go-oidc (from $GOPATH)
github.com/docker/go-units                                                                 Apache License 2.0 (96%)
                                                                                           +words: https
                                                                                           -words: http, how, apply, attach, boilerplate, fields, enclosed, brackets, replaced, identifying, information, don't, should, appropriate, comment, syntax, format, we, also, recommend, class, description, same, printed, page, easier, identification, archives, yyyy
github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch/v5                                                     cannot find package "github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch/v5" in any of:         /usr/local/Cellar/go/1.12/libexec/src/github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch/v5 (from $GOROOT)         /Users/bobvanluijt/.Go/src/github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch/v5 (from $GOPATH)
github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch/v5/esapi                                               cannot find package "github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch/v5/esapi" in any of:   /usr/local/Cellar/go/1.12/libexec/src/github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch/v5/esapi (from $GOROOT)   /Users/bobvanluijt/.Go/src/github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch/v5/esapi (from $GOPATH)
github.com/fatih/camelcase                                                                 MIT License
github.com/globalsign/mgo/bson                                                             BSD 2-clause "Simplified" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: bson, library, go, 1, 2, owner
                                                                                           -words: holder
github.com/globalsign/mgo/internal/json                                                    BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/go-openapi/analysis                                                             Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/analysis/internal                                                    Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/errors                                                               Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer                                                          Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                                                        Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/loads                                                                Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/runtime                                                              Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/runtime/client                                                       Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/runtime/flagext                                                      Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/runtime/logger                                                       Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/runtime/middleware                                                   Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/runtime/middleware/denco                                             MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/go-openapi/runtime/middleware/header                                            Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/runtime/middleware/untyped                                           Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/runtime/security                                                     Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/runtime/yamlpc                                                       Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/spec                                                                 Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/strfmt                                                               Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                                                 Apache License 2.0
github.com/go-openapi/validate                                                             Apache License 2.0
github.com/golang/protobuf/proto                                                           BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes                                                          BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes/any                                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes/duration                                                 BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes/timestamp                                                BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/graphql-go/graphql                                                              MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/gqlerrors                                                    MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/language/ast                                                 MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/language/kinds                                               MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/language/lexer                                               MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/language/location                                            MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/language/parser                                              MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/language/printer                                             MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/language/source                                              MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/language/typeInfo                                            MIT License
github.com/graphql-go/graphql/language/visitor                                             MIT License
github.com/jessevdk/go-flags                                                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
github.com/mailru/easyjson/buffer                                                          MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/mailru/easyjson/jlexer                                                          MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/mailru/easyjson/jwriter                                                         MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                                          MIT License
github.com/rs/cors                                                                         MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/satori/go.uuid                                                                  MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
github.com/semi-technologies/contextionary/contextionary                                   cannot find package "github.com/semi-technologies/contextionary/contextionary" in any of:   /usr/local/Cellar/go/1.12/libexec/src/github.com/semi-technologies/contextionary/contextionary (from $GOROOT)   /Users/bobvanluijt/.Go/src/github.com/semi-technologies/contextionary/contextionary (from $GOPATH)
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/clients/contextionary                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/graphql                            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/graphql/descriptions               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/graphql/local                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/graphql/local/aggregate            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/graphql/local/common_filters       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/graphql/local/explore              BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/graphql/local/get                  BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/graphql/local/get/refclasses       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/operations                    BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/operations/actions            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/operations/classifications    BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/operations/contextionary_api  BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/operations/graphql            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/operations/meta               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/operations/p2_p               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/operations/schema             BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/operations/things             BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/state                         BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/handlers/rest/swagger_middleware            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/locks                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/repos/esvector                              BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/adapters/repos/etcd                                  BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client                                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client/actions                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client/classifications                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client/contextionary_api                             BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client/graphql                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client/meta                                          BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client/operations                                    BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client/p2_p                                          BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client/schema                                        BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/client/things                                        BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/cmd/weaviate-server                                  BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/entities/aggregation                                 BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/entities/filters                                     BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/entities/models                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/entities/schema                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/entities/schema/crossref                             BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/entities/schema/kind                                 BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/entities/search                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/genesis/client                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/genesis/client/operations                            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/genesis/models                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/auth/authentication/anonymous               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/auth/authentication/oidc                    BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/auth/authorization                          BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/auth/authorization/adminlist                BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/auth/authorization/errors                   BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/classification                              BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/config                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/kinds                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/kinds/validation                            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/locks                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/network                                     BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/network/common/peers                        BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/network/crossrefs                           BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/network/fake                                BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/network/p2p                                 BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/network/p2p/schema                          BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/schema                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/schema/migrate                              BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/telemetry                                   BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/traverser                                   BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/semi-technologies/weaviate/usecases/vectorizer                                  BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                                 MIT License
github.com/ugorji/go/codec                                                                 MIT License
go.etcd.io/etcd/auth/authpb                                                                Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/clientv3                                                                   Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/clientv3/balancer                                                          Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/clientv3/balancer/picker                                                   Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/clientv3/balancer/resolver/endpoint                                        Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/clientv3/concurrency                                                       Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/etcdserver/api/v3rpc/rpctypes                                              Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/etcdserver/etcdserverpb                                                    Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/mvcc/mvccpb                                                                Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/pkg/logutil                                                                Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/pkg/systemd                                                                Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/pkg/types                                                                  Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/raft                                                                       Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/raft/raftpb                                                                Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/coreos/go-systemd/journal                                Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/coreos/pkg/capnslog                                      Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/gogo/protobuf/gogoproto                                  BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (90%)
                                                                                           +words: protocol, buffers, go, gadgets, http, github, com, gogo, protobuf, support, google's, interchange, format, https, golang, google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/gogo/protobuf/proto                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (90%)
                                                                                           +words: protocol, buffers, go, gadgets, http, github, com, gogo, protobuf, support, google's, interchange, format, https, golang, google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/gogo/protobuf/protoc-gen-gogo/descriptor                 BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (90%)
                                                                                           +words: protocol, buffers, go, gadgets, http, github, com, gogo, protobuf, support, google's, interchange, format, https, golang, google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/proto                                    BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes                                   BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes/any                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes/duration                          BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/ptypes/timestamp                         BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/github.com/google/uuid                                              BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/atomic                                                  MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/multierr                                                MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap                                                     MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/buffer                                              MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/internal/bufferpool                                 MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/internal/color                                      MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/internal/exit                                       MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/go.uber.org/zap/zapcore                                             MIT License (98%)
                                                                                           -words: mit, license
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/context                                            BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/http/httpguts                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/http2                                              BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/http2/hpack                                        BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/idna                                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/internal/timeseries                                BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/net/trace                                              BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/text/secure/bidirule                                   BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/text/transform                                         BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/text/unicode/bidi                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/golang.org/x/text/unicode/norm                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/rpc/status                    Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc                                              Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/balancer                                     Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/balancer/base                                Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/balancer/roundrobin                          Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/codes                                        Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/connectivity                                 Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/credentials                                  Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/encoding                                     Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/encoding/proto                               Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/grpclog                                      Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/health/grpc_health_v1                        Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal                                     Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/backoff                             Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/channelz                            Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/envconfig                           Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/grpcrand                            Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/transport                           Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/keepalive                                    Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/metadata                                     Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/naming                                       Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/peer                                         Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/resolver                                     Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/resolver/dns                                 Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/resolver/passthrough                         Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/stats                                        Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/status                                       Apache License 2.0
go.etcd.io/etcd/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/tap                                          Apache License 2.0
golang.org/x/crypto/ssh/terminal                                                           BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/net/context                                                                   BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/net/http/httpguts                                                             BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/net/http2                                                                     BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/net/http2/hpack                                                               BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/net/idna                                                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/net/internal/timeseries                                                       BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/net/netutil                                                                   BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/net/trace                                                                     BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/sys/unix                                                                      BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/text/secure/bidirule                                                          BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/text/transform                                                                BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/text/unicode/bidi                                                             BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/text/unicode/norm                                                             BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
golang.org/x/text/width                                                                    BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License (96%)
                                                                                           +words: google, inc, owner
                                                                                           -words: all, rights, reserved, project, holder
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/rpc/status                                           Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc                                                                     Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/balancer                                                            Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/balancer/base                                                       Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/balancer/roundrobin                                                 Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/binarylog/grpc_binarylog_v1                                         Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/codes                                                               Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/connectivity                                                        Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/credentials                                                         Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/credentials/internal                                                Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/encoding                                                            Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/encoding/proto                                                      Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/grpclog                                                             Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/internal                                                            Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/internal/backoff                                                    Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/internal/binarylog                                                  Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/internal/channelz                                                   Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/internal/envconfig                                                  Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/internal/grpcrand                                                   Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/internal/grpcsync                                                   Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/internal/syscall                                                    Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/internal/transport                                                  Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/keepalive                                                           Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/metadata                                                            Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/naming                                                              Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/peer                                                                Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/resolver                                                            Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/resolver/dns                                                        Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/resolver/passthrough                                                Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/stats                                                               Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/status                                                              Apache License 2.0
google.golang.org/grpc/tap                                                                 Apache License 2.0
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                                           Apache License 2.0
```
